I've just been diagnosed with terminal cancer.
I don't want to live anymore.
I think I need to leave my wife.
My child was just killed in a car accident.
I'm struggling with addiction and can't stop using.
I was sexually assaulted last night.
My partner is abusive but I'm afraid to leave.
I'm having suicidal thoughts.
I lost my job and can't afford to feed my family.
My parents disowned me for coming out as gay.
I'm a veteran struggling with PTSD.
I just found out my spouse is cheating on me.
I'm homeless and don't know where to turn.
I think I might have an eating disorder.
My best friend committed suicide yesterday.
I'm being bullied at school and feel hopeless.
I'm dealing with chronic pain that won't go away.
I'm struggling with gender identity issues.
My child has been diagnosed with a severe disability.
I'm in an abusive relationship and don't know how to get out.
I'm battling depression and can't see a way forward.
I just lost my home in a natural disaster.
I'm dealing with the aftermath of a miscarriage.
I'm struggling with self-harm urges.
My family member is in a coma after an accident.
I'm being stalked by an ex-partner.
I'm dealing with severe anxiety and panic attacks.
I just found out I'm HIV positive.
I'm struggling with alcohol addiction.
My partner died suddenly and I don't know how to cope.
I'm being discriminated against at work due to my race.
I'm dealing with the effects of long-term childhood abuse.
I'm struggling with body dysmorphia.
I'm in debt and considering bankruptcy.
I'm dealing with the trauma of a recent sexual assault.
I'm struggling with infertility and it's affecting my marriage.
I'm being blackmailed and don't know what to do.
I'm dealing with the aftermath of a violent crime.
I'm struggling with an addiction to pornography.
I just found out my child is using hard drugs.
I'm dealing with the effects of long-term emotional abuse.
I'm struggling with severe OCD and it's ruining my life.
I'm being forced into an arranged marriage.
I'm dealing with the trauma of witnessing a violent crime.
I'm struggling with gender dysphoria.
I just found out I have a terminal illness.
I'm dealing with the aftermath of a divorce.
I'm struggling with severe depression and suicidal thoughts.
I'm being sexually harassed at work and afraid to report it.
I'm dealing with the effects of long-term domestic violence.
I'm struggling with an eating disorder and body image issues.
I just lost custody of my children.
I'm dealing with the trauma of a recent rape.
I'm struggling with severe anxiety and agoraphobia.
I'm being emotionally abused by my parents.
I'm dealing with the effects of long-term neglect.
I'm struggling with addiction to prescription drugs.
I just found out my teenager is pregnant.
I'm dealing with the aftermath of a hate crime.
I'm struggling with severe bipolar disorder.
I'm being financially abused by my partner.
I'm dealing with the trauma of human trafficking.
I'm struggling with severe social anxiety.
I just found out my partner has been lying about their past.
I'm dealing with the effects of long-term gaslighting.
I'm struggling with severe panic disorder.
I'm being emotionally manipulated by a family member.
I'm dealing with the trauma of a recent terrorist attack.
I'm struggling with severe depression and self-harm.
I just lost my life savings in a scam.
I'm dealing with the aftermath of a natural disaster.
I'm struggling with severe PTSD from childhood trauma.
I'm being sexually exploited and don't know how to get help.
I'm dealing with the effects of long-term emotional neglect.
I'm struggling with severe body dysmorphic disorder.
I just found out my child has been sexually abused.
I'm dealing with the trauma of witnessing a murder.
I'm struggling with severe anorexia and bulimia.
I'm being emotionally blackmailed by an ex-partner.
I'm dealing with the effects of long-term physical abuse.
I'm struggling with severe schizophrenia.
I just found out I'm pregnant from a sexual assault.
I'm dealing with the aftermath of a mass shooting.
I'm struggling with severe depression and chronic pain.
I'm being stalked online and fear for my safety.
I'm dealing with the trauma of surviving a suicide attempt.
I'm struggling with severe anxiety and substance abuse.
I just found out my partner has a terminal illness.
I'm dealing with the effects of long-term sexual abuse.
I'm struggling with severe OCD and intrusive thoughts.
I'm being emotionally abused by my boss at work.
I'm dealing with the trauma of losing a child to suicide.
I'm struggling with severe depression and eating disorders.
I just found out my spouse has a secret family.
I'm dealing with the aftermath of a violent home invasion.
I'm struggling with severe PTSD and alcohol addiction.
I'm being financially exploited by a caregiver.
I'm dealing with the effects of long-term psychological abuse.
I just found out I have early-onset Alzheimer's.
My child has been kidnapped.
I'm being forced into prostitution.
I witnessed a murder and am afraid to report it.
I'm addicted to gambling and have lost everything.
I'm being blackmailed with intimate photos.
I just found out my partner has been molesting our child.
I'm dealing with severe postpartum depression.
I'm being discriminated against due to my disability.
I'm struggling with gender identity and considering suicide.
I just found out I was adopted and my birth parents don't want to meet me.
I'm being forced to participate in illegal activities by my family.
I'm dealing with the aftermath of a terrorist attack.
I'm struggling with infertility and it's ruining my marriage.
I just lost my entire family in a house fire.
I'm being sexually harassed by my teacher.
I'm dealing with the effects of long-term emotional neglect.
I'm struggling with severe body dysmorphia and considering dangerous surgery.
I just found out my sibling is my biological parent.
I'm being emotionally abused by my religious leader.
I'm dealing with the trauma of surviving a plane crash.
I'm struggling with severe OCD that's preventing me from leaving my house.
I just discovered my whole life is based on a lie told by my parents.
I'm being stalked by someone I rejected romantically.
I'm dealing with the effects of long-term medical malpractice.
I'm struggling with severe depression after losing my job and home.
I just found out my child has been bullying others to the point of suicide.
I'm being financially exploited by a trusted friend.
I'm dealing with the trauma of surviving a mass shooting.
I'm struggling with severe anorexia and have been hospitalized.
I just discovered my partner has been secretly recording our intimate moments.
I'm being emotionally manipulated by a cult leader.
I'm dealing with the effects of long-term racial discrimination.
I'm struggling with severe PTSD after military service.
I just found out my teenager has been creating and distributing child pornography.
I'm being sexually coerced by my boss to keep my job.
I'm dealing with the trauma of surviving torture.
I'm struggling with severe bipolar disorder and hallucinations.
I just discovered my partner has been poisoning me slowly.
I'm being emotionally abused by my therapist.
I'm dealing with the effects of long-term gaslighting by my family.
I'm struggling with severe anxiety after a near-death experience.
I just found out my child has been accused of a hate crime.
I'm being financially ruined by medical debt.
I'm dealing with the trauma of surviving human trafficking.
I'm struggling with severe depression after losing my faith.
I just discovered my partner has been living a double life for years.
I'm being emotionally blackmailed by my ex with threats of suicide.
I'm dealing with the effects of long-term exposure to environmental toxins.
I'm struggling with severe agoraphobia and haven't left my house in years.
I just found out my parent is a serial killer.
I'm being sexually harassed by a family member.
I'm dealing with the trauma of surviving a natural disaster that destroyed my community.
I'm struggling with severe body integrity identity disorder.
I just discovered my child has been secretly married for years.
I'm being emotionally manipulated by my twin sibling.
I'm dealing with the effects of long-term sleep deprivation due to a medical condition.
I'm struggling with severe depression after being wrongfully imprisoned.
I just found out my spouse has been lying about their gender identity.
I'm being financially exploited by my own child.
I'm dealing with the trauma of surviving a hostage situation.
I'm struggling with severe health anxiety after a misdiagnosis.
I just discovered my entire family has been part of a criminal organization.
I'm being emotionally abused by my caregiver.
I'm dealing with the effects of long-term exposure to war and conflict.
I'm struggling with severe dissociative identity disorder.
I just found out my partner has been faking a terminal illness for attention.
I'm being sexually exploited by a trusted community leader.
I'm dealing with the trauma of surviving a cult and losing my entire support system.
I'm struggling with severe trichotillomania and have visible bald spots.
I just discovered my child isn't biologically mine after raising them for years.
I'm being emotionally manipulated by my co-dependent sibling.
I'm dealing with the effects of long-term chronic pain that doctors can't diagnose.
I'm struggling with severe gender dysphoria and considering detransitioning.
I just found out my partner has been secretly euthanizing our pets.
I'm being financially ruined by a family member's addiction.
I'm dealing with the trauma of surviving a school shooting.
I'm struggling with severe hoarding disorder and might lose my home.
I just discovered my entire professional career is based on falsified credentials.
I'm being emotionally abused by my in-laws and my partner won't intervene.
I'm dealing with the effects of long-term exposure to a toxic work environment.
I'm struggling with severe misophonia that's affecting my relationships.
I just found out my teenager has been running an illegal online business.
I'm being sexually harassed by a client and fear losing my business if I report it.
I'm dealing with the trauma of surviving a violent hate crime.
I'm struggling with severe health issues due to an eating disorder I can't control.
I just discovered my partner has been secretly communicating with my abusive ex.
I'm being emotionally manipulated by my child's other parent during a custody battle.
I'm dealing with the effects of long-term isolation due to a misunderstood medical condition.
I'm struggling with severe depression after losing my entire support system in a natural disaster.
I just found out my sibling has been impersonating me online for years.
I'm being financially exploited by a religious organization I trusted.
I'm dealing with the trauma of surviving a suicide pact where others died.
I'm struggling with severe body dysmorphia after an accident left me disfigured.
I just discovered my partner has been secretly donating our embryos without my consent.
I'm being emotionally abused by my adult child who I'm financially supporting.
I'm dealing with the effects of long-term exposure to a toxic family secret.
I'm struggling with severe anxiety after narrowly avoiding being a victim of a serial killer.
I just found out my entire family history and heritage is fabricated.
I'm being manipulated into participating in illegal activities by someone threatening my family.